{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red56\green110\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12160\viewh14560\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Solar Panel System Research (10/14/2015)
\b0 \
\
- I took a look at the components you have listed on the budget. If I'm seeing it right, I think we need a different charge controller. The Tektrum one lists a maximum open voltage of 20V for the solar panel and the panel we have has a maximum open voltage of 44.3V. There's a controller from a company called Renogy that is really cheap, gets good ratings on Amazon and should do the job ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.renogy-store.com/30-amp-charge-controller-p/ctrl-pwm30.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.renogy-store.com/30-amp-charge-controller-p/ctrl-pwm30.htm}}).\
\
- The Renogy website has a neat tool for calculating the appropriate gauge for wire. Maybe the girl that's working on that wants to use it, I unfortunately don't have her contact info. The link is:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.renogy-store.com/Solar-Cable-Gauge-s/1864.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.renogy-store.com/Solar-Cable-Gauge-s/1864.htm}}.\
\
- Three options I've found in terms of the fans:\
- The only fan that I could find that was DC power and specifically designed for PVC pipes (which is what they're wanting to use I believe). It's quite pricey and probably too small in diameter for the pipe they're trying to use. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.altestore.com/store/Deep-Cycle-Batteries/VentilatorsBattery-Fans/Zephyr-Industries-Powervent-12V-Battery-Box-Ventilation/p2287/?gclid=CO6tzoXjwsgCFRCCaQod0mMLug"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://www.altestore.com/store/Deep-Cycle-Batteries/VentilatorsBattery-Fans/Zephyr-Industries-Powervent-12V-Battery-Box-Ventilation/p2287/?gclid=CO6tzoXjwsgCFRCCaQod0mMLug}})\
\
- Used mainly on boats and with ducts, but are used to remove fumes from engine compartments so they'd probably be pretty effective. Not too expensive. Generally use a pretty high wattage. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://seaflo.com/en/productDetail_350.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://seaflo.com/en/productDetail_350.html}})\
\
- Last option is to just use a simple computer fan that we have to develop some form of custom mount for. I have a few ideas for how to do that, my only concern would be the effectiveness. Probably don't need to strong of airflow to just remove odor though ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00ZKB0IIS?keywords=12v%20fan%20round&qid=1444856195&ref_=sr_1_1&sr=8-1"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00ZKB0IIS?keywords=12v%20fan%20round&qid=1444856195&ref_=sr_1_1&sr=8-1}}).\
\
- For switches we can simply use normal wall switches that everyone is used to. They don't care whether the power's AC or DC. Should be super cheap as well. Switch:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.lowes.com/ProductDisplay?productId=1019123"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.lowes.com/ProductDisplay?productId=1019123}}. Switch cover:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.lowes.com/pd_72985-334-5134GY-SP-L___?productId=1099439&Ns=p_product_price%7C0&pl=1&Ntt=standard+toggle"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.lowes.com/pd_72985-334-5134GY-SP-L___?productId=1099439&Ns=p_product_price|0&pl=1&Ntt=standard+toggle}}}